RHDEVDOCS 6103 additional options for webhooks (#79152)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-additional-options-webhooks.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * install_config/customizing-configurations-in-the-tektonconfig-cr.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="op-additional-options-webhooks_{context}"]
= Setting additional options for webhooks

Optionally, you can set several additional options for the webhooks that several controllers in {pipelines-sshortname} create. The available options are `failurePolicy`, `timeoutSeconds`, and `sideEffects`. For information about these options, see the https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/[Kubernetes documentation].

.Prerequisites

* You installed the `oc` command-line utility

* You are logged on to your {OCP} cluster with administrator rights for the namespace in which {pipelines-shortname} is installed, typically the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

.Procedure

> . View the list of webhooks that the {pipelines-shortname} controllers created. There are two types of webhooks, mutating webhooks and validating webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. View the list of webhooks that the {pipelines-shortname} controllers created. There are two types of webhooks: mutating webhooks and validating webhooks.
```

.. To view the list of mutating webhooks, enter the following command:

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: I think you need the `+` here. The procedure isn't rendering correctly. 
```suggestion
+
[source,terminal]
```

----
$ oc get MutatingWebhookConfiguration
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                             WEBHOOKS   AGE
annotation.operator.tekton.dev   1          4m20s
proxy.operator.tekton.dev        1          4m20s
webhook.operator.tekton.dev      1          4m22s
webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev      1          4m20s
webhook.triggers.tekton.dev      1          3m50s
----
.. To view the list of validating webhooks, enter the following command:

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
[source,terminal]
```

----
$ oc get ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                                 WEBHOOKS   AGE
config.webhook.operator.tekton.dev                   1          4m24s
config.webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev                   1          4m22s
config.webhook.triggers.tekton.dev                   1          3m52s
namespace.operator.tekton.dev                        1          4m22s
validation.pipelinesascode.tekton.dev                1          2m49s
validation.webhook.operator.tekton.dev               1          4m24s
validation.webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev               1          4m22s
validation.webhook.triggers.tekton.dev               1          3m52s
----

. In the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR), add configuration for mutating and validating webhooks under the section for each of the controllers as necessary, as shown in the following examples. Use the `validation.webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev` spec for the validating webhooks and the `webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev` spec for the mutating webhooks.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
* You cannot set configuration for operator webhooks.

> All settings are optional. For example, you can set the `timeoutSeconds` parameter and omit the `failurePolicy` and `sideEffects` parameters.

Reviewer: Add a `*` to match the other sentence in the note. 
```suggestion
* All settings are optional. For example, you can set the `timeoutSeconds` parameter and omit the `failurePolicy` and `sideEffects` parameters.
```

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * install_config/customizing-configurations-in-the-tektonconfig-cr.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="op-additional-options-webhooks_{context}"]
= Setting additional options for webhooks

> Optionally, you can set several additional options for the webhooks that several controllers in {pipelines-sshortname} create. The available options are `failurePolicy`, `timeoutSeconds`, and `sideEffects`. For information about these options, see the https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/[Kubernetes documentation].

Reviewer 2: We use the word "Option" a lot here. Could we maybe revise? Also, note that the attribute {pipelines-sshortname} does not render, likely due to the additional "s". Also note use of "link:" before the link (unless pipelines docs do something different here).

This is just me playing around with wording. Maybe you want to fix it or maybe not.

```suggestion
Optionally, you can set the `failurePolicy`, `timeoutSeconds`, or `sideEffects` options for the webhooks created by several controllers in {pipelines-shortname}. For more information about these options, see the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/[Kubernetes documentation].
```

.Prerequisites

> * You installed the `oc` command-line utility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You installed the `oc` command-line utility.
```

> * You are logged on to your {OCP} cluster with administrator rights for the namespace in which {pipelines-shortname} is installed, typically the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

Reviewer 2: Generally into (I don't see any use cases of on to in our docs)

```suggestion
* You are logged into your {OCP} cluster with administrator rights for the namespace in which {pipelines-shortname} is installed, typically the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.
```

----
.. To view the list of validating webhooks, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                                 WEBHOOKS   AGE
config.webhook.operator.tekton.dev                   1          4m24s
config.webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev                   1          4m22s
config.webhook.triggers.tekton.dev                   1          3m52s
namespace.operator.tekton.dev                        1          4m22s
validation.pipelinesascode.tekton.dev                1          2m49s
validation.webhook.operator.tekton.dev               1          4m24s
validation.webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev               1          4m22s
validation.webhook.triggers.tekton.dev               1          3m52s
----

. In the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR), add configuration for mutating and validating webhooks under the section for each of the controllers as necessary, as shown in the following examples. Use the `validation.webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev` spec for the validating webhooks and the `webhook.pipeline.tekton.dev` spec for the mutating webhooks.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> * You cannot set configuration for operator webhooks.

Reviewer 2: Operator is always capitalized (https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#operator-capitalization) unless the use case here means something different than an actual OCP Operator.

* All settings are optional. For example, you can set the `timeoutSeconds` parameter and omit the `failurePolicy` and `sideEffects` parameters.
====
+

> .Example settings for the pipelines controller

Reviewer 2: I'm just noting this here:

Below, " Pipelines as Code" and "Tekton Hub" controllers are capitalized, however here, "pipelines" and below "triggers" are not. I'm sure this is intentional, but just pointing it out in case it was missed.
